AST-2270 - remove input dotted focus (#4662)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v3.9.3 (Unreleased)
- New: WooCommerce Cart - "Cart Page" click action introduced to redirect user on cart page.

> - New: Introduced toggle to remove dotted border on focus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New: Global - Typography - Introduced an option to remove dotted border on focus of input fields.
```
